Chain of Destiny style recursive prompt...

Here's the huge unlock for your prompts:


Because on each step the AI outputs the result of each round of revisions 'out loud', it is able to uses that as an example to re-prompt itself as it continues to generate.


This effectively provides a context-specific example for the AI to work on improving.


It's like having your AI generate its own chain of thought.


- 


The other thing to look for is the use of NLP terms like 'entities' and 'dense'. 


Unlike terms like 'concise' or 'detailed', terms like 'dense' don't bring much extra meaning and baggage with them.


(Unlike dense, adding a word like 'detailed' to your prompt is more likely to lead to verbose outputs with many wasted words.)


-


Is Chain of Destiny the next breakthrough?


Not really.


It's a really nicely written recursive prompt.


BUT — this prompt results in a big enough improvement to publish a paper about it.


And that's the thing about promptcraft.


You can come up with new innovations from just a handful of techniques and a bit of experimentation.


I'm a fan of this one and will be doing more recursive generations in the future.


Check it out:


/----PROMPT----/


Article: {{ ARTICLE }}
You will generate increasingly concise, entity-dense summaries of the above article. 


Repeat the following 2 steps 5 times. 


Step 1. Identify 1-3 informative entities (";" delimited) from the article which are missing from the previously generated summary. 
Step 2. Write a new, denser summary of identical length which covers every entity and detail from the previous summary plus the missing entities. 


A missing entity is:
- relevant to the main story, 
- specific yet concise (5 words or fewer), 
- novel (not in the previous summary), 
- faithful (present in the article), 
- anywhere (can be located anywhere in the article).


Guidelines:


- The first summary should be long (4-5 sentences, ~80 words) yet highly non-specific, containing little information beyond the entities marked as missing. Use overly verbose language and fillers (e.g., "this article discusses") to reach ~80 words.
- Make every word count: rewrite the previous summary to improve flow and make space for additional entities.
- Make space with fusion, compression, and removal of uninformative phrases like "the article discusses".
- The summaries should become highly dense and concise yet self-contained, i.e., easily understood without the article. 
- Missing entities can appear anywhere in the new summary.
- Never drop entities from the previous summary. If space cannot be made, add fewer new entities. 


Remember, use the exact same number of words for each summary.


Answer in JSON. The JSON should be a list (length 5) of dictionaries whose keys are "Missing_Entities" and "Denser_Summary".


/-----End Prompt-----/
